TEAM ASSESSMENT
1.) Overall, how effectively did your team work together on this project?
    - Extremely Well

2.) What percentage of your team participated actively and was fully prepared most of the time?
    - 100% Everyone was alway ready and prepared.

3.) Give one specific example of something you learned from the team that you probably would not
have learned working alone.
    - I have learned to let other people get things done, and trust them that they are going to do it.
  
4.) Give one specific example of something the other team members learned from you that they
probably would not have learned otherwise.
    - I showed them how to properly use Git. Without working on a team we would have the oppertunity
    to work through the problems

5.) Suggest at least one change the team could make to improve its performance or the project.
    - One thing we could have worked on is timing on completeting certain tasks we were
    waiting on eachother sometimes.

MEMBER ASSESSMENT
SELF Evaluation (Name: Garrett Smith):
5 - Participation in developing ideas and planning project
5 - Willingness to discuss the ideas of others
5 - Cooperation with other group members
5 - Interest and enthusiasm in project
5 - Participation in leading/facilitating discussion
5 - Ease and familiarity with discussion material

PEER Evaluation (Partner 1: Rodney Stead):
5 - Participation in developing ideas and planning project
5 - Willingness to discuss the ideas of others
5 - Cooperation with other group members
5 - Interest and enthusiasm in project
5 - Participation in leading/facilitating discussion
5 - Ease and familiarity with discussion material

PEER Evaluation (Partner 2: Zachary Ropson):
5 - Participation in developing ideas and planning project
5 - Willingness to discuss the ideas of others
5 - Cooperation with other group members
5 - Interest and enthusiasm in project
5 - Participation in leading/facilitating discussion
5 - Ease and familiarity with discussion material

SELF-REFLECTION
1.) What did you learn from the team sprint experience?
    - I have learned to be more trusting in my team members to get work done.

2.) What do you think went well?
    - I think the planning went a lot better then last time. This time we 
    broke up both projects and did both of them at the same time instead of just 
    doing one at a time. 

3.) What would you have done differently, given the opportunity?
    - I dont think I would have done anything differently. Everyting flowed well, produced good, 
    and on time. 

4.) Do you have any other comments or suggestions about the project?
    
PROJECT ASSESSMENT
1.) As a team estimate how many hours did it take you to complete this sprint? (Please keep try to
keep track of how many hours you have spent working on each individual part of this sprint as
best you can - an estimation is fine; we just want a rough idea.)
    - We spent around 65 hours to complete this project. 

2.)What online resources you have used? (Program Lectures, YouTube, Stack overflow etc.)
    - I mostly used documentation and copilot to explain how things like passport and bcrypt work.

3.)Did you need to ask any of your friends in solving the problems. (If yes, please mention name of
the friend. They must be amongst your class fellows.)
    - I Asked mostly how the logic worked of my team members code but no one else.

4.) Did you need to ask questions to any of your instructors? If so, how many questions did you ask
(or how many help sessions did you require)?
    - We ask some question for clarification at the beginning but nothing else.

5.)Rate (subjectively) the difficulty of the sprint from your own perspective, and whether you feel
confident that you can solve a similar but different sprint requiring some of the same techniques
in the future now that you’ve completed this one.
    -I feel this sprint was 3.5 out of 5. It was easy to concepualize, and to plan. Once the plan wa
    made the code came naturally.

